Add variant bulk update documentation (#86)
TiendaNube/api-docs: resources/product_variant.md

}
```

### PATCH /products/#{product_id}/variants

> Modify many existing `ProductVariants` that belong to the given `Product`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify many existing `ProductVariant`s that belong to the given `Product`. This endpoint _will not_ add new `ProductVariant`s or remove existing `ProductVariant`s; it will just update their values. 
```

> Modify many existing `ProductVariants` that belong to the given `Product`.

Reviewer 2: Arrancaría la descripción diciendo "Partially update a variant collection. This endpoint allows to ... " y ahí empalmo con lo tuyo tal cual está.

Author: Me gusta

#### Preconditions

Request body is an array of `ProductVariant` resources.

Each `ProductVariant` in the request body must:

* include the `ProductVariant` ID, set in the field `id`
* correspond to an existing `ProductVariant` with same ID than the one set in the field `id` 
* belong to the `Product` which ID is set in `#{product_id}` in the URL
* have a unique combination of `values` among all `ProductVariant`s of the `Product` (either `ProductVariant`s included in the request or previously persisted). 

If any of the above preconditions is not met, the response:

* has HTTP status code `422`
* contains a JSON with error information including the IDs of the failed `ProductVariant`s:

```json
{
    "code": 422,
    "message": "Unprocessable Entity",
    "description": "Variants cannot be repeated",
    "duplicate_variant_ids": [
        33745216,
        33745217,
        33745218
    ]
}
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Agregaría una sección con posibles respuestas (al margen de que están los ejemplos abajo).

Un listadito que te diga:
Possible outcomes:
- 200 : al variantes have been updated. Complete updated variant collection is returned.
- 404:  product was not found (no tiene que ver con lo que hicimos pero es un posible outcome)
- 422:  changes are not processable because some of the above preconditions has not been met

Author: OK
